docs(editor): consolidate instructions for selecting and navigating (#747)
rive-app/rive-docs: editor/fundamentals/groups.mdx

### Group

Group is the default behavior, which behaves as described in the [Selecting and Navigating Groups](/editor/interface-overview/selection-and-navigation).

### Target

> The Target option draws a different icon on the Stage that is always visible, regardless of whether the group has children (usually a group only displays an icon if it is empty).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Target option draws an icon on the stage that is visible regardless of whether the group has children (usually a group only displays an icon if it is empty). Target visibility can be toggled on or off in the View Options menu.
```
